I'm Jeroen. I'm 38 years old, and I'm a remote entrepreneur.
My first goal was to be below 100 kilos, and I hadn't been below 100 kilos for a long time.
One of the things I'm focusing on is eating healthier and also drinking less alcohol—or no alcohol, actually.
We were tracking the calories. He really enjoyed the process,
and also learning about what nutrition does for him and why it is so hard to maintain a diet, actually.
Then I sometimes texted Luuk: “How the hell am I going to do this?” He sent me tips.
To really maintain contact with him, I always texted him—every Friday.
I would text him about how it went and give him more insight into balancing his weekends out.
We were training for six months in total.
I started when I was 113 kilos.
Right now I'm 92, so I lost 21 kilos.
I already had a lot of energy, I think, but I have even more energy now.
I'm not sure if there's anything that can get me tired.
Just feeling better is a gift. That's even better than reaching the goal itself.
In the beginning, I remember when he came in, the mindset was all or nothing:
getting the goal and being hard on yourself. Now, at the end of this six-month journey,
he is way nicer to himself: “Why am I not progressing today?”
That would be my tip: zoom out, because you will see that you're improving—
not maybe every day, but every week and every month. That's what keeps me going.